- 👋 Hi, I’m @Melrosee288
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...

<!---
Melrosee288/Melrosee288 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
18 months of the worst experience of my life because of Amazon and I no longer feel safe, I no longer have a feeling of comfort or happiness. Amazon.com took the person I once was and turned me into someone I barely recognize.. Amazon has done me so wrong in so many ways and the MANY employees that know exactly what they have done, know just how true that statement is. 

Better Business Bureau of Western Washington has let me down tremendously… that BBB branch has a person who is in charge of all Amazon complaints (which now that I think about it that is extremely unfair that one person gets to have a say in all Amazon complaints at that branch.. she is without a single doubt in my mind on their payroll in my opinion) banned me from all services at that branch because i held them to their own words when another employee at that branch told me that “ALL BBB Accredited businesses must follow every rule and guideline set to remain an accredited business or they have to be removed. I even asked if it was an option if they follow them and I was told “no they have to, if they don’t they will be removed” so I can and have proven that Amazon has lied in their responses to my BBB & Washington State Attorney General complaints. The BBB National Programs refuses to remove them and the person in charge of all Amazon complaints with the BBB does not care at all despite proof they have not followed all rules and guidelines set what so ever and ignores everything. That branch also deletes every comment I make on their public fb page and then blocks me from private messaging them as well and from further commenting on their public fb posts. I was trying to get help and holding them to their own words because yes I believe EVERY BBB ACCREDITED BUSINESS SHOULD BE HELD TO THE SAME STANDARDS & NO FAVORITISM! I used to turn to the BBB for help trusting their word, honesty & integrity. I turned to the BBB and put my trust into their system and they failed me repeatedly. 

The Ohio Attorney General Dave Yost told me that they confirmed Amazons main customer service number (8882804331) is a scam and not to contact that number but then when you go to their website and look up a business to file a report on you can use their number or name and for Amazon it pops up with that phone number for customer service… it’s in their system! Oh and an Apple employee bet me $5000 that Amazons phone number isn’t 8882804331 (as said previously that is Amazons main customer service number) he said that is a scam number and called me a liar and began screaming at me like a lunatic! I can’t make this sh*t up.. even if I tried. 

The saddest part about all of this is that I can’t even come forward with the whole story because of how freaking crazy it all sounds and merely impossible for others to believe at first and those who are directly involved or are aware at Amazon and blatantly ignore my attempts to get help and my cries for help pleading.. after so many times of getting your hopes up and or getting the cold shoulder it eventually does something to a person and makes the cold and mean like I am now as to where I was the opposite before this. 

For 18 MONTHS no one at Amazon Help has NOT actually helped me or followed through with a single promise or commitment. No one has cared that employees of Amazon have threatened me, discriminated against me, intentionally mislead me in every possible direction, taunted me like a child, victimized me, impersonated the now former CEO Jeff Bezos via email several times, closed my account once for 2 months for false reasons but despite proof it was all ignored and now I can only place digital orders because I “requested to many refunds but haven’t gotten a refund since January 2021 but they didn’t restrict my account to digital purchases only until July 2021. 

My number is blocked from receiving calls on the callback service it literally says so when I try to get one set up to avoid me reaching anyone not involved in all of this. I can prove I talk to the same people allllll the time on both phone and chat support. 

I can prove all of my contacts and emails send and call made reporting things that deserve immediate responses and actions taken but have been ignored to a fault. I can prove negligence and intentional negligence and discrimination, I can prove EVERYTHING. 

Or how when a customer requests their personal data that does include their phone call recordings with customer service and I have never gotten them in ANY of my data requests when I have requested ALL data  many times until recently so they withheld that from me for more than a year and I never get ALL of the data I’m entitled to in my data requests and I’ve complained of that every time. My most recent requests for my data includes the data of other customers mixed in with mine and I got an email from executive customer relations stating the appropriate teams investigated this & they confirmed all of that data I received to be linked to my account LIES then 15 hours later i got the same exact email word for word from customer service only it was signed by a different person as if she wrote it herself for the first time.. I have requested proof of their statement and that I’m still waiting for because the only data that belongs to me and is associated with my account is MY data.. me..melanie ONLY no one else and idk know those people at all and no one even contacted me asking anything about the leaked private personal data of other Amazon customers. I found my call recording from November 18th in my last data request I received from Amazon when I called the Product Support Line (800-362-5703) where a representative said he was honoring 6 of the $5000 promises and commitments made to me by amazon employees for my compensation for a product fire and he said he “issued $30,000 and that it would process to my card that day and he took down my card number and yes YES THIS WAS AN EMPLOYEE OF AMAZON or else I wouldn’t have received the recording in my personal data I requested and that wasn’t the first time I’ve been lied to about compensation being issued the first two times was $5000 two reps said they issued and didn’t. It’s crazy to me how little Amazon cares. 

Believe it or not some Amazon employees are the real scammers and a lot of people think its just outsiders pulling amazon scams.. my experiences are all from within Amazon, they’re all legit amazon employees that do not deserve to be at all. 

How about the FACT that amazon ignores when some of their employees admit openly to being scammers and or involved with Online Legal India SO MANY TIMES yet it’s ignored despite their admissions and proof. Online legal India is a SCAM and nothing more. I have sent in straight up admissions and or where they don’t even try to contest that they are involved with scams AT ALL and one rep Nitin argued with me that it wasn’t a scam and I couldn’t tell her/him otherwise. Why does none of this concern Amazon?? I read once where Amazon fired people over accidentally leaking customers emails but they won’t fire Amazon employees for scamming amazon and it’s customers or for threatening and discriminating against customers or for misleading in every way possible or for anything else they have done… what in the heck does it takes to get help? Why is proof of everything above ^ blatantly and intentionally ignored? Why am I not given the same access and opportunity as everyone else? I’ve only been trying to get what I’ve been promised and committed for 18 months as would anyone else in my shoes. 

I’m still told to contact via email only despite my constant confirmations that none of the emails I send in can be seen by anyone at Amazon and no one ever writes me back in response to ANYTHING I say or I get emails from people stating it was a pleasure assisting me etc but I never spoke to them OR im being prompted to contact by using chat or phone support knowing when I do I’ll be told the same BS notation and hung up on ending with being told to contact via email only but I’ve received at least 50 emails since that notation was placed on my account prompting me to call in or chat for help… taunting the heck out of me.  
Enough is enough already don’t you guys think? 

What about the piracy of NBA, NFL, MLB games etc. being live streamed on the Amazon cloud front alongside child exploitation’s with more than 20 million views per month and Amazon refuses to remove it?!
AWS actually deleted one of my cases I created on AWS regarding this and fired Val R. For helping me try to get answers and the amazon trust and safety team lied about having ever received any reports of this nature when they have received many reports prior but chose to lie and say they haven’t and now won’t email me back when I ask them why they lied
Why wouldn’t everyone wish to pursue this? Why wouldn’t everyone want to be the voice for those children that cannot do it for themselves
why wouldn’t everyone want to do everything within their power to help those children???? 
I will fight and I will never stop fighting for myself and for those children and all children. Anyone reading this should do the same. 

Again absolutely everything is backed with rock solid proof. 
